today's video is brought to you by these
ray con earbuds so stick around after
the sketch for another sketch that
happens to be paid for hey Dana would
you mind if I I don't think you're gonna
get through to him dude he's been at
this for like an hour what it's catchy
though oh yeah yeah about an hour well
he really is on that funky junk that
chunky funky do you think it'd be cool
if I borrowed his car I don't know hey
Daniel you might if he borrows your car
[Music]
it's like he's in a coma yeah he really
has no way of communicating to us right
now hey man if you don't want me to
borrow your car get some high notes that
could just be him embellishing you think
yeah could mean anything then I'm just
gonna assume that I'm allowed to take a
few bucks for gas too if that's cool
I mean he's not stopping you he is not
no you're not allowed did you pre record
that yep gotta keep my hands on the keys
so I can't borrow the car no you're not
allowed I want to try something what's
two plus two
it's for Dennis how did you know I was
gonna say that yeah I'd like to order
one medium pizza please but with
gluten-free crust vegan cheese and
drenched in buffalo sauce I mean soaking
wet with the hottest sauce that you can
find okay and add extra jalapeno because
when I go to the bathroom later I want
it to feel like lava pouring out of me
you understand
basically what I'm saying is if I'm not
in pain or there isn't any bleeding I'm
gonna get you fired you hear me make it
hurt I need it to hurt me pizza man
uh-oh I hit the wrong note
hey what up boy I don't oh you know just
rockin the new grapefruit pros bro cost
me 250 no big deal but you spent two
hundred and fifty dollars on that yeah
man sometimes you just gotta flex honor
who who are you flexing on right now am
I supposed to be impressed look man
they're Wireless you can use them to
talk to your virtual assistant they come
with a charging case you know what else
can do all that right Khan okay that you
25s are wireless they got a charging
case they have six hours battery life or
water resistant they come in cool colors
they have a great bass response and
they're like a third of the price of
those but grapefruit do I look impressed
no no so if you're tired of the
neverending hype train and just want
some great sounding gear buds head to
buy rake on Comm slash Thrasher and use
code Thrasher 15 for 15% off the already
inexpensive earbuds at purchase oh yeah